It's best practice to review the developer documentation.
Located within this lesson resource is a link
relating to the topic called Visibility and Getters.
We will discuss the four types based on this documentation.
The first type; Public, accessible by all.
A public function are part of
a contract's inheritance and can be either called internally via messages.
For public state variables,
an automatic getter function is generating.
The second type; Private,
only in this contract.
Private functions in state variables are
only visible for the contract they are defined in,
and not in derived contracts The third type;
Internal, only this contract and contracts deriving from it.
Those functions in state variables can only be accessed internally.
For example, from within the current contract or contracts deriving from it,
without using this statement for the contracts contexts.
The fourth type; External,
cannot be accessed internally, only externally.
External functions are part of the contracts interface,
which means they can be called from other contracts via transactions.
An external function cannot be called internally.
For example, the function does not work, but this.function works.
External functions are sometimes more efficient when they receive large arrays of data.
As you might have noticed,
it's important to understand the types of visibility you are working
with regarding contract functions and state variables.
Let's continue with our StarNotary internal transfer helper.
As you might have noticed, it's important to understand the type of visibility
you're working with regarding contract functions and state variables.
Let's continue with our StarNotary internal transfer helper.
We can now use our transfer helper method to transfer the star to its buyer.
Lastly, we want to make sure that if the buyer overpaid for some reason,
they get a refund and the overpaid amount as returned back to them.
We can do that by first checking if there is a difference,
and then transferring that different over back to the buyer.
Wonderful. We're now ready for some more test.
Let's create variable for user1,
user2, and starID, similar to what we did before.
Since we now deal with a creator star,
we can create one in the beforeEach function.
First, let's test that a user can put up their star for itself for a certain price.
Whenever passing it value at an ether to a Smart Contract,
it must be done in Wei.
Wei is the smallest denomination of Ether.
So, 0.01 Ether would look like that.
Since that's too many zeros to count easily,
we can use the web3 object to Wei function to get the star cost in Wei.
We'll assert that after putting up a star for cell,
we can see it in the mapping associated with that star's price.
Now, let's test the buying logic,
which is a bit more involved,
so let's make sure to describe a block for it to group those test.
We'll test by buying behavior after the star has been put up for cell.
So, let's put that in the beforeEach function.
However, in the real world,
we would want to have much more thorough tests to test all scenarios.
Let's test that user2 can indeed buy that star and becomes the new owner.
Let's check the scenario when user2 overpaid for that star.
Meaning, they sent more ether than necessary,
and let's check that they got refunded the difference.
We can capture their balanced right before the transaction.
When the transaction is made,
we can pass in gas cost as zero.
This only works for the test purpose,
so that our math becomes easier and we can
capture the balance of user2 right after the transaction.
We can then assert that the balance after the transaction minus the
balanced before the transaction is exactly the star cost.
One test we forgot to do is to see if user1
gets paid for the star they successively sold.
Let's make a described block for the selling behavior.
Move the one test we have for testing the selling behavior in there,
and add the other one.
We'll make a test that make sure that after a user successfully sells their star,
they get the star price that they sold it for.
Let's say they put up their star for sell for 0.05 ether,
and user 2 buys it.
Their balance after this transaction should increase by 0.05 ether.
Unfortunately, this test fails because we forgot about that logic,
so let's go ahead and fix this test by putting that logic in.
All we have to do is transfer over the star cost to
its old owner at the end of the buyStar function.
Now all our tests are good.
Awesome. Great job.